# The Orange Short Story🍊
A short and entertaining children's story

<p> I am orange, a famous fruit, and I have many fans.<br/>
I lived in a cold land called Ice jungle.  It was very beautiful and cold at the same time.  Our tribe was a peace-loving and war-avoiding tribe.  My friends and I used to go to the riverside every day, eat and laugh together.  Days passed like this until a tribe of wild raspberries attacked us.  The oranges were forced to migrate to the surrounding lands.  Some of my friends migrated to the land of bananas and some tribe members migrated to the land of coconuts, pineapples and blueberries.  Unlike them, I decided to migrate to the spring lands.  On the way, I met a strawberry .  She was red and cute.  She was afraid of my round appearance and quickly hid behind the bushes and shouted loudly, who are you?  I also told him the story.  After hours of conversation, she came out of the bushes.  She said there is a village nearby and she can take me there.  I also accepted and went to that village with him.  I was surprised when I got there.  It was very beautiful there.  I was living in that village for a few days, when the head of wild raspberries was found again.  They killed the villagers and looted their property.  Being very scared, I went looking for strawberry .  I took his hand and we ran away from that village together.  We continued running for days until we reached the land of bananas.  They were kind fruits.  I found my friends who lived there, I was very happy to see them.  I introduced them to strawberry and told them the story.  At that moment, the governor of the land of bananas was walking beside us and heard the story of the attack of the wild raspberries.  He told me that they destroy wherever they can.  He said he received many letters of coconuts, pineapples and blueberries.  Wild raspberries had also invaded parts of their land, the letters said.  I convinced the governor of the bananas to go to the aid of the other fruits because sooner or later the wild raspberries will gain power and attack your land as well.
<br/>The governor wrote to the other tribes and told them to get ready for war and attack the wild raspberries on a certain day.  Everyone accepted.  Except for one tribe, that was the tangerines tribe.  They said that we want a guarantee for victory and because other tribes are damaged and war-torn, the probability of victory is low.  I again convinced the governor to write to the other tribes again and tell them not to retreat.  The war had started and I was one of its commanders.  Days passed and more fruits were killed.  From my point of view, war is not good at all.  I didn't like anyone getting killed, not even wild raspberries.  But it was not possible to win without war.  We were able to recover some lands.  But we needed more power to win.  In our last battle with the wild raspberries , our forces were very weak and hopeless.  The wild raspberries surrounded us and they were much more numerous than us.  Suddenly a trumpet sounded.  It was the sound of the tangerines trumpet.  They also joined us.
<br/>We won. I talked to the governors of each tribe about the wild raspberries and it was decided to exile them to a distant land. In that distant land, we built a school, a house and a church for the exiled so that they could move towards civilization and stop being barbaric.  We returned the lost lands to their owners and established a city called orangesland for the oranges to live in peace. </p>

--- END ---
<br/>
Helped by Google Translate
